This directory tree contains shared patches
for the XWORLD administrative realm.

The directory containing this README file corresponds to the
top-level (root) directory of the filesystem hierarchy.

The verious subdirectories of this directory tree may contain
arbitrary files or *.patches subdirectories.

The arbitrary files will be used as overlays for the live
directory tree, i. e. they will be copied out overwriting any
existing local files of the same name when overlay processing is
invoked by the administrator.

The *.patches directories are special, however. They are assumed
to contain a collection of 'quilt' patches each; i. e. a list of
incremental patches and a "series" file specifying the order.

The "series" file can be missing if a "series.guards" file
exists instead. In this case, a machine-specific "series" file
will be constructed from the machine-independent "series.guards"
file by running

$ guards symbol ... < series.guards > series

where 'symbol' refers to the fully qualified hostname of the
current machine and all of its superdomains.

For instance, if the current machine has the FQDN
"gateway2.mars.hyperspace.example.com", then the following
symbols will be defined:

* gateway2.mars.hyperspace.example.com
* mars.hyperspace.example.com
* hyperspace.example.com
* example.com
* com

If there exists a "series.guards" file, the "series" file is a
derived file and must be excluded from version control.

The patches in a *.patches directory will be applied from the
parent directory of the *.patches directory with "patch -p1".
All files modified by the patches must also be present in the
directory tree (although as plain files - and only those
versions of the files before any of the patches have been
applied).

Note that the patches should never be applied directly within
the overlay directory tree, but rather in the live directory
tree when the overlay is processed.

The overall idea is to generate machine-specific files by
distributing shared files in the overlay tree and apply
host-specific patches where necessary.
